[Music]
I'm a firm believer that all marketing
leads to sales with a little bit of
restructuring you can actually turn
existing marketing programs into sales
tools for this book I interview more
than 30 sales enablement sales
operations and the marketing managers
from Cisco Oracle Intel ASAP and more
they shared a creative approach on how
to modify existing elements to drive the
main Djinn for their sales team with the
rise of digital the boundary for sales
and marketing is becoming blurry so for
sales manager you need to understand
some of the marketing programs because
you might be able to use them as a
bargaining chip during your sales
negotiation for marketers you need to
understand how the sales methodology
sales processes work and then connect
the dots there is so much more in the
book I touch on the evolution of a sales
enablement branding messaging framework
and the technology's role in the future
of a sales enablement it is a fun and
the easy read I hope you will check it
out and I know you will enjoy it